# AIS16650
Task 1
In this task we learned the rules of variable selection in python.There diifferent rules such as, A variable name must start with a letter or the underscore character.A variable name cannot start with a number
A variable name can only contain alpha-numeric characters and underscores (A-z, 0-9, and _ )
Also  in operators we deals with mathematical operations(+,-,*,/,power,modulues,%).
In List methods we learned the methods like append,clear,copy,count,extend,index,insert,pop,reverse,remove and sort.
Tuple method there are count and index.
In set there are so many methods like difference,diiference update,add,clear,copy,intersection and etc.
In dictionary method we are dealing with pop,copy,clear,remove,fromkeys,get,items,popoitems,setdefault,update and values.
Task 2 a) if statement is a condition statement used to check a condition, and execute it if the condition holds true.
b) If- Else statement he if-else statement is used to execute both the true part and the false part of a given condition.
c) If-elif condition is use to handle multiple conditions to check in short, elif keyword in python saying if the previous conditon were not true then try this condition.
d)A for loop in Python is a control flow statement that is used to repeatedly execute a group of statements as long as the condition is satisfied.
e) A while loop is a control flow statement which allows code to be executed repeatedly, depending on whether a condition is satisfied or not. 
Task 3 a) In Python, the break statement is used to immediately exit a loop when a certain condition is met. When working with nested loops, the break statement can be used to break out of both the inner and outer loops.
b) The continue statement in Python is used to skip the remaining code inside a loop for the current iteration only
c) Pass Statement : The pass statement in Python is used when a statement or a condition is required to be present in the program, but we don't want any command or code to execute.
d) Statistical Functions: In the python the statistic module provides functions to perform statistical operations on data This module offers various functions to calculate measures like mean, median, mode,standard deviation, variance, and more
e)Logical User definde functionca user defined function in python is custom function created by the usder to perform a specific task. 
Task 4 In this task we done with the different function of numpy .numpy is numerical python. we use array to create array of 1d array , 2D array and 3D array. silicling arrays slicing in python menas taking elements from one given index to another given index.we also use different function like strings, interger, float , boolean and complex. the shape of an array is the number of elements in each dimension.in Nmpy arrays have an attribute called shape. Iterating arrays going through elements one by one. Spliting arrays is reverese operation of joining. searching arrays by using where() method .sort() is use for sorting the arrays. filtering arrays is use for if the value of an index is true, that element is contained in the filtered array. generate random numbers for usig numpy.
Task 5 Pandas library A) Series : in this Series is like a cloumn of table  it is a one dimensional array holding data of any type. B) Data Frames: Dataframe is 2 dimensional data structure like array. in this we create dataframe using the csv file export from the desktop ,also use the xlsx file to create data frame. By using the matrix and dict command we create a data frames. C) Data frame operation : In this task we did the operations functions like value counts, apply, unique, nunique and describe on the different data frames. D) Selection : in this we form a dataframes by using row selection and column selection. Also we use conditional selection to frame. We perform operations like column add, delete, update ,index, remove index and our basic mathematical operations. E) Missing value : We find out the missing value in the data frames by using mean and meadian.
Task 6 Matplotlib and Seborn library : Matplotlib is plotiing library in python that serves as a visualization utility. we use pyplot to plot the graphs. plot() is used to draw points in a diagram . there ar diffrent plots we can draw by using matplotlib like plot with linw, plot without line, ploting with star points. We use labels and titles to specifices the plot. Adding grid lines , subplot , scatter, Bars , Histograms ,pie charts etc plots are given in matplotlib. Seaborn is visual distibutions of data distributions. In this by using random numbers we plot the diffrent distributions like normal, possion, binomial,uniform, logistic,multinomial, expontential , chi square ,rayleigh and pareto distributions. 
Task 7 related to numpy excerise in which gives commands for our outut.Also didi this same as in salary excersice and economic purchase excercise.
Task 8 is the case study of titanic dataset. In this we use diiferent algorithm to check the accauracy of the model. also use different graphs to represent visualization.
Task is all about power bi in this use visualation techniques to interpret relations between variables by using graphis and also use different key functions of power bi and create a dashboard or report related to our project data Calories Burnt predication.

